{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19480\viewh14180\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs34 \cf0 -experiment: An attempt to get object localization to work with a solution from class 1 of the two broad categories of solutions that we formulated. In this class of solutions, the robot draws arcs based on how far the sensed object is and the angle that the ultrasonic sense is sensing. As the arcs \'91pile up\'92,  this suggests object boundaries. In this test, a single object was placed in the middle of a 42\'94x42\'94 environment with no walls.\
\
findings: The object was correctly identified with this approach. Even a rudimentary filter made the object appear with clarity. Given that we have identified many ways more elaborate ways the approach can be improved, this approach will be pursued further.\
\
There were two trials:\
1) The robot was put into 8 positions around the perimeter of the environment . And then put into another 8 positions halfway between the object and the perimeter. It was found from the picture that an object was being sensed in the middle of the enviormnet(see contour map)\
\
2)Along one side of the environment a sample was taken at every inch. The ultrasonic sensor was adjusted whenever it could be aimed more directly at the object but was constrained to moving in increments of 45 degrees. A picture of the object was clearly emerging in the triangular shape, as expected.\
 \
-algorithm:\
	*scott can include this\
\
-issues:\
	-When walls get sensed, then arcs could be drawn in innaproate distances. At the level of \'91data\'92, the sensor can\'92t distinguish\
between walls an obstacles.\
		-we can predict these and not draw them since we know our state within some tolerance.\
	-large arcs of 60 degrees means there are more locations the obstacle could be located at. A smaller arc angle would be preferred with this approach.\
		-*funnel\
		-mitigate by penizing measurements further away or possibly elevate them completely.\
	-further sensed objects have a larger arc length for the same arc angle. Larger distances hinders localization\
		-end after a point\
		-penalize fourth measurements\
	-some locations could be viewed more than other locations in the robots journey through the environment. So it\'92s based towards drawing more arcs in certain positions\
		-The remedy here to keep a record of all the places in the occupancy grid that have been viewed in the sensor\'92s cone. This would allow us to normalize by updating our temperature map from number_of_arcs on a given square to number_of_arcs/number_of_times_observed.\
	-The system doesn\'92t know about objects. Instead, it know how many times each square on the occupancy grid was hit by an arc.\
		-use a clustering algorithm to predict unitary objects \
	-arcs from one object intersecting arcs of another object in a non-object location. Can the presence of two objects falsely lead the emergence of a third object on the map?\
		-This will occur in certain situations but it\'92s not a problem. The probably of those spots being hit are so much lower than the actual objects. Software based filtering approaches can deal with this.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
*given that we have plausible solutions to our problems and a number of software and hardware approaches to filter our map more thornily, we will proceed with this approach.\
\
\
next steps: The object localization shows a lot of promise in being used in the final solutions. As long as no crippling problems emerge in a more complicated environment, then it will be included. Preliminary thought experiments lead to the conclusion that it will work in theses enviomrents. Testing under these conditions is the next step.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}